okay hello and welcome to another let's
or how-to on minecraft today I'm using
Minecraft version 2.2 point2 is anything
it was released yesterday for me so
let's have a look I'm going to be
connected now I connected to an IP but
it's the same thing it's MC gaming
vortex taco that's gaming vortex IP
address for the server so you know we
changed the world a bit i'm going to
show you tutorial today how much it
weighs gonna be about is how to update
your bucket plugging oil blackett so
because i love issue cities at first
line so I thought you know but when I do
I how to add to do so already entered
server as if I was coming for the first
time so you know you've gone over here
you go all these messages that I did it
it seems like broken wagon
yeah so please it's done anyway this
little collapses down your are you
falling to what was requested water I
love it it's a swing continues there
okay so this is what we're going to do
so today we shared update buckets if you
have I go / version in my minecraft
pocket so it says I'm running 1.7 point
too if you haven't then the version is
one way to poop it doesn't matter what
version is it's all pretty much the same
stuff but I'm using for Bucky version 9
04 this is the main thing you want to
look out for guelph buckets oi ma fucka
version because get her bucket some
lizard numbers which I mean you think I
files and I then 904 and Chuck Jenkins
his Leroy Jenkins which is a CI de Baca
thing so I go here see I double dog and
then this Y going to see the deadliest
new version but you can't go on their
main website which be bucket talk but
they're not always update that as soon
as it released a featured update it
looks like they have this one occasion
so it's a few bug stare
so if we go here you go CraftBukkit and
you see that now they've released a good
couple of hundreds like what one are we
on we were on 90 for their least I at
least a hundred bucket um updated since
the last one I know this much different
from what time you're looking at but
this isn't always so we do you just
click on the one you want and make sure
it's got the green star green star means
this feature to recommend it away and it
will take a battle with Minecraft derp
derp derp derp derp um so if you just
click on it and click on this which will
be down and you should save that I've
already taped and download it to my
desktop so I'm fine now what would it do
is I'm going to upload it now because
i'm using MC Weidman there's two doing
ways which we can do this there's one
which is this which is you log in to a
and you go update so you go about
updates and then update bucket this is a
good way of doing it but I wouldn't do
it that way too because of you I prefer
doing it the old way um which would mean
that what we need to do is go to go into
my ftp find a bucket update farm down
the snapshot find your mic minecraft
order which already done in advance and
I just let you just copy across just
copy / right I would recommend server be
off when you're writing I didn't I a
wine-off and you probably see my game
will mess up a little bit while it's
uploading lagging badly if yes when we
get good 44 inch IPS only
okay so that's our Boden has got 46
seconds so what that's uploaded you can
just restart your server and it should
be on the latest version now I'm going
to do I'm gonna update my bucket as well
as doing it on the empty my admin just
show you what's going to happen so
review it we have time for this upload
Isis colibri left serve war that's
walking away won't be done when to stop
so so much time message everyone saying
the server is going to stop and then I'm
going to go stop so now there's a full
stop i wound up and do neck at least Im
excess ram when your server ok so that's
uploaded successfully so as you can see
this version's bit bigger than the five
pocket dojo some reason so i'm going to
go about when we've got updates then we
go update / install bucket is are we
downloading it then just does it
automatically so if you refresh this now
you see this one's down same size as
this one man previously or smaller so
that does one they use is a use these
buck CraftBukkit a jar and you go do is
just going to start so and it should
have updated the server now you want to
make sure you update your plugins so to
do that you just go bukkit plugins and
have a look around and we'll go ahead
you're up the data uploaded plane so I'm
just do this quickly and I explained to
yours can open okay
let's reconnect its essence like okay so
that's what you gotta do if you know you
go such version your minecraft server
it's this I'll be running a 9 45 which I
don't get because I've just done that it
won't answer but obviously you know it's
it's just took everything I haven't
isn't accurate answer you so why would
do is stop server again so if we go back
here we going to stop server rename this
phone as cloth bucket of Joel and upload
and override that folder file
so what it's uploading it says insert me
Shinedown with MC madman that's all you
gotta do is very simple and then you can
just plug and play you effectively and
if you know how to install plugins and
stuff you're fine so thanks for
listening at all ranks listening and
watching this tutorial of how to update
your CraftBukkit so have a good day and
we hope see you on a server server IP
this once again is empty gaming for
texaco have a good day bye